petascale2022/registration.md, before:

---
layout: info
title: Registration
---
Scalable Tools Workshop 2022 will be held at the
beautiful <a href="http://www.granlibakken.com">Granlibakken Resort</a> in Lake Tahoe, 
California. [Registration](https://www.secure.granlibakken.net/conference/) will 
be handled directly by the resort (enter group code "TOOLS22") and includes lodging and meals.

If you need transportation between Reno Airport and Granlibakken, you can register directly through [North Lake Tahoe Express](https://www.northlaketahoeexpress.com/).

<p>
Costs are as follows:

<p>
<table class="prices">
    <tr>
        <th align="center" bgcolor="lightblue">Room Type</th>
        <th align="center" bgcolor="lightblue">Cost (4 nights/daily)</th>
    </tr>
    {% for p in site.data[page.year].prices %}
    <tr>
        <td>{{p[0]}}</td><td>{{p[1]}}</td>
    </tr>

    {% endfor %}
</table>

</p>
</p>

<p>
Meals, lodging, and workshop attendance are covered by the registration fee.
If you are traveling with companions who are not attending the workshop,
their meals and lodging will cost an additional $84 per person per day.
If you are staying beyond the workshop dates, you will need to call Granlibakken
to make arrangements.
</p>

Commit message:

Update prose for registration page

petascale2022/registration.md, after:

---
layout: info
title: Registration
---
Scalable Tools Workshop 2022 will be held at the
beautiful <a href="http://www.granlibakken.com">Granlibakken Resort</a> in Lake Tahoe, 
California.

<b>[Registration](https://www.secure.granlibakken.net/conference/)</b>: This will 
be handled directly by the resort (enter group code "TOOLS22"). Note that the cost is all-inclusive, including meeting registration, lodging, and meals.

<b>Ground transportation</b>: If you need transportation between Reno Airport and Granlibakken, you can arrange a shuttle by contacting [North Lake Tahoe Express](https://www.northlaketahoeexpress.com/). Theses shuttles are a bit expensive so you might also consider renting a car. Note that the Granlibakken meeting registration page asks about your arrival and departure flights. You can ignore this part of the form as Granlibakken no longer arranges ground transportation.

<p>
Costs are as follows:

<p>
<table class="prices">
    <tr>
        <th align="center" bgcolor="lightblue">Room Type</th>
        <th align="center" bgcolor="lightblue">Cost (4 nights/daily)</th>
    </tr>
    {% for p in site.data[page.year].prices %}
    <tr>
        <td>{{p[0]}}</td><td>{{p[1]}}</td>
    </tr>

    {% endfor %}
</table>

</p>
</p>

<p>
Meals, lodging, and workshop attendance are covered by the registration fee.
If you are traveling with companions who are not attending the workshop,
their meals and lodging will cost an additional $84 per person per day.
If you are staying beyond the workshop dates, you will need to call Granlibakken
to make arrangements.
</p>
